With the discovery of transistors whose size and power requirements are small but still effec-tive, Electronic Engineers in the 1950s saw many possibilities for their implementation in more ad-vanced electronic circuits. With the increasing complexity in electronic circuits new problems arise.One of them is the size of the circuit. A com-plex circuit like a computer depends heavily on speed. If the number of components on the com-puter is too much then the connection between the components is also more and more long, causing the transfer of electrical signal speed becomes re-duced which causes the process on the computer to be slow.In 1958 this problem could be solved by the idea of Jack S Kilby whose idea was to assemble electronic components in a silicon block (Mono-lithic Idea). The idea not only reduces the size of the circuit but also reduces the need for cable connections between circuits and their manufac-turing can be automated. But the idea still has many other problems. Nevertheless, the idea was awarded a nobel prize in 2000.Half a year after Kilby sparked his idea of the Monolithic series. Robert Noyce has the answer to some problems on Kilby’s idea. Namely intercon-nection between circuits. It adds a metal layer to the last layer and removes some layers so that the connection between components can be formed.Possibility type of attack is changing over time. It is caused based of how bussiness flow in VLSI Design are olso changed. In the early day of VLSI development, a system from designing a module until design is delivered to custommer is done by solo manufacturrer industries.